Gregory Jonason
832-654-5272 (cell)  | 832-390-0064 (home)
gregjonason@gmail.com  |  http://gregjonason.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/gregjonason

Job Goal
Seeking a position as a Business Intelligence Analyst.

Summary of Skills
Analytics: Google; Piwick; Webtrends; AWStats

Applications: Microsoft Office Suite; Microsoft Project; Open Office; Microsoft OneNote; Microsoft Visio; OmniGraffle

Databases: MySQL; MS SQL; Microsoft Access

Data Mining: Microsoft Excel; Tableau; Weka; learning R

Languages: VBA/VBScript; HTML; Javascript; PHP; learning Python

Scripting: awk; regex, bash; batch; PowerShell

Statistics: SPSS; familiarity with SAS

Professional Experience
University of Texas Health Science Center (UTHealth), Houston, TX	02/2014 – 10/2015
Educational Technology Manager		Children's Learning Institute

Managed multiple vendors in a distributed team environment during the rapid development of CLI Engage, a large child progress monitoring and professional development learning platform made available to the entire state of Texas. Project budget: $1.75 million.

Managed multiple vendors in a distributed team environment during the online course update and redesign of Beginning Education: Early Childcare At Home (BEECH), a web-based professional development system specifically designed for home childcare providers. Available in English and Spanish, BEECH includes 20 learning modules and is free to family childcare providers across the state of Texas. Project budget: $60,000.

Provided consultation and acted as supporting facilitator to project management of CLI Engage platform development and implementation involving software, network, server, content, and web development team members.

Served as project platform architect during requirements identification, analysis, prioritization, planning, and monitor and control activities.

Responsible and accountable (in collaboration with CLI Engage team members) for developing schedule milestones and task/requirement estimates, and communicating project status to Texas School Ready (TSR) management stakeholders.

Supported Texas School Ready (TSR) management in identifying risks to the associated project(s), and managed the project risk management process per directives given by the Texas Education Agency (TEA) and Texas Workforce Commission (TWC).

Analyzed risks during platform development and established contingency plans by identifying trigger events and initiating appropriate mitigating action(s) as needed.

Supported various group team leaders in management of relationships with project stakeholders, including internal and external clients and vendors. Responsibilities included providing reports of progress and issues in order to manage expectations on all project requirements and deliverables.

Practiced standard project management change/configuration management processes when working with various project teams/vendors to assure appropriate nonconformance remediation was performed.

Managed and monitored all technical aspects of the BEECH RFP proposal process (pre-RFP release through submission, clarification, final proposal revision and awarding of project to contractor) for the redesign and updating of BEECH professional development online course materials. Project budget: $60,000.

Guided technical portions of BEECH Course Redesign RFP kickoff briefing and lead kickoff meeting with proposal team, including prospective subcontractors.

Analyzed prospective contractor proposal content and provided answers to technical questions concerning the RFP scope of work.

Exhibited confidence and extensive knowledge of industry best practices to ensure prospective contractor proposals met the requires outlined in the scope of work document.

University of Houston, Houston, TX					11/1999 – 02/2014
Digital Media Developer		University Information Technology (UIT)

Designed, implemented mission critical campus streaming media infrastructure serving 40,000+ end users.

Provided accurate and timely monitoring, analysis and reporting of monthly KPIs for 13 colleges and over 20 internal and external organizations to upper management.

Produced and broadcast thirty-four successful live Fall and Spring graduation ceremonies for seventeen years available to campus and worldwide audiences of 40,000+ viewers.

Administrator of 6 mission critical media content servers providing 10,000+ streams per month to campus and external end users.

Provided tier-3 streaming support to 5,000 faculty & staff and 34,000 students.

University of Houston, Houston, TX					08/2012 – 12/2013
Lecturer		Jack J. Valenti School of Communication

Successfully taught mass communication (COMM 3353) course comprised of basic HTML (web) programming elements and the mass communication model.

Lectured to a single section of COMM 3353 (Web Communication Technologies I) for 3 semesters to a class consisting of 15-20 undergraduate students.

Reflected on and committed to the mission, vision, values, integrity and learning focus of the J. Jack Valenti School of Communication (the College).

Reported to the director of the College and perform instruction-related duties and responsibilities.

Provided quality learning-opportunities as a facilitator of learning by assisting them in meeting their educational goals.

Designed and published unique course syllabus and class lecture content during third semester of teaching.

Practiced active learning methods by using a variety of instructional strategies.

Maintained awareness of on-going developments and practices in professional content area(s).

Arranged for the acquisition and preparation of appropriate materials and equipment.

Supplied prompt and accurate information in the recording and reporting of student data such as final grade reports.

Participated as proctor for class final examination hosted at central testing facility.

Envision Design, LLC, Houston, TX						11/2006 – 08/2011
Consultant		Technical Services Group

Supported and resolved over 300 client help tickets.

Performed in-person and remote updates for 20+ client server(s) and over 100 workstation(s).

Visited office locations of over 10 different clients to resolve trouble tickets.

Attended staff meetings to discuss client support issues and business strategies.

WorldLink Data Communications, Houston, TX				01/1996 – 07/1998
Manager of Operations		Operations Department

Managed team of 7 responsible for technical support, content development, and programming.

Managed mission critical company infrastructure servers (Domain Name System (DNS), Gateway and 28.8/56.6 kbps & ISDN Dial-Up) providing internet access to over 300 individual and corporate customers.

Administrator of 5 streaming media and 5 web content servers providing high profile customer web, radio, and streaming media content to worldwide Internet audience (har.com, 104krbe.com, 101klol.com, etc.).

Travelled to Microsoft headquarters to assist in development of Microsoft Netshow and Windows Media streaming media technologies.

Successfully negotiated contract valued over $1 million for delivery of various server, video production, and satellite uplink equipment involving Microsoft, Compaq Computer, Next-Level Systems, and Sony Corporation.

Successfully negotiated agreement to include a live Internet broadcast link on the front page of the Compaq website that generated over 100,000 unique views.

Successfully negotiated contract with 104 KRBE radio station valued over $250,000 to provide them with web design and hosting services along with live internet broadcasts of their "Private Sessions" concerts that included music recording artists such as Jewel, Sarah McLachlan, and Lisa Loeb.

Successfully negotiated contract with 101 KLOL radio station valued over $250,000 to provide them with web design and hosting services along with live internet broadcasts of various promotional events.

Produced 50+ live internet broadcasts in conjunction with various commercial stakeholders including:
	* Microsoft, Compaq Computer, Sony Corporation, AudioNet.com/Broadcast.com (formerly owned by Mark Cuban), NASA
	* Beck, Eddie Vedder, Lyle Lovett, Dildar Hussain, Gypsy Kings, Tim Robbins, Sister Helen Prejean, Luke Perry, Sneaker Pimps, etc.
	* 104 KRBE and 101 KLOL radio stations.

Education
Ed.D., Curriculum and Instruction (Instructional Technology), University of Houston, Houston, TX, 2016 (Spring)

M.Ed., Curriculum and Instruction (Instructional Technology), University of Houston, Houston, TX, 2004

B.S., Communications (Radio-Television-Film), University of Texas, Austin, TX, 1996

Honors and Activities

Awards
Honorable Mention, 2013 Rich Media Impact Award (RMIA) - Enterprise Category, Sonic Foundry UNLEASH 2013 Mediasite Users Conference

2013 Graduate Scholarship Award, University of Houston Commission on Women

Finalist, 2011 Rich Media Impact Award (RMIA) - Enterprise Category, Sonic Foundry UNLEASH 2011 Mediasite Users Conference

Professional Activities
Reviewer, 2014. Guerrilla Analytics: A Practical Approach to Working with Data. Elsevier, Reviewed trade publication on data preparation techniques.

Reviewer, 2013. EFL Teachers’ Conceptions of Speaking Competence in English. Teachers and Teaching: Theory and Practice, Reviewed article on English as a Foreign Language (EFL), University of Houston.

Personal Activities
Lego sculpture, Lego building

Triathlon (swim, bike, run), 2-time half Ironman finisher (1.4 mile swim, 56 mile bike, 13.1 mile run)

Biking, American Diabetes Association (ADA) Century Ride finisher (100 mile bike)

Running, 3-time full marathon finisher (26.2 mile run)

